Describe top-level messages (#506) (#509)
OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface: doc/architecture/sensor_data.adoc

= Sensor data

Sensor data imitates the output of real sensors.

> It is generated from ground-truth data, feature data or from sensor data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be generated from ground-truth data, sensor view data, feature data or from sensor data.
```

Reviewer: And here also mention how it can be generated from sensor data? I guess you are referring to the fact that a logical model, for example a fusion model can take in sensor data and generate sensor data as well or?

> All information regarding the environment is given with respect to the virtual sensor coordinate system, except for feature data, which is given with respect to the physical sensor coordinate system.

Reviewer: Aside from feature data, information regarding the environment is given with respect to the virtual sensor coordinate system, which is defined....
Feat data is given with respect to the physical sensor coordinate system, which is defined by....

> Sensor data can be used as input of an automated driving function,  a sensor model simulating limited perception, or a sensor fusion model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensor data can be used as input for an automated driving function,  a sensor model simulating limited perception, or a sensor fusion model.
```
